examples/jsonrpc/README.md, before:

This example demonstrates how you can use the JSON-RPC module in your
application.

Note that the module depends upon the third-party library `yajl` (Yet Another
JSON library) to parse and produce messages.

As for the `yajl_json` example, conf/build.conf shows how to link to the
library.

This example needs kore having been compiled with `JSONRPC` (and so `HTTP`)
activated.

Run:
```
	$ kore run
```

Test:
```
	$ curl -i -k \
	    -d '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"echo","params":"Hello world"}' \
	    https://127.0.0.1:8888/v1
```
The result should echo back the string at `params`: Hello world.

Alternatively, if you have bats installed:
```
	$ bats test/integ/jsonrpc.bats
```
Will run a small test suite.


The yajl repo is available @ https://github.com/lloyd/yajl


Message Handling Log
--------------------

The `jsonrpc\_request` keeps a log of messages with levels similar to those of
syslog. Messages are added with jsonrpc_log().

By default messages of the log are added to the data member of the error
responses if at levels EMERG, ERROR, WARNING and NOTICE.

If you dont want log messages to be outputted zero the log_levels flag of the
jsonrpc_request.


Formatting responses
--------------------

By default responses are not prettyfied. To do that set the appropriate flag in
the jsonrpc_request structure.

Commit message:

JSONRPC Reverted explicit deallocation calls
The possibility to call jsonrpc_destroy_request was left. Someone may
want to abruptly interrupt the process of its request for some odd
reason, in that case an exlicit call still would be to be made.

examples/jsonrpc/README.md, after:

This example demonstrates how you can use the JSON-RPC module in your
application.

Note that the module depends upon the third-party library `yajl` (Yet Another
JSON library) to parse and produce messages.

As for the `yajl_json` example, conf/build.conf shows how to link to the
library.

This example needs kore having been compiled with `JSONRPC` (and so `HTTP`)
activated.

Run:
```
	$ kore run
```

Test:
```
	$ curl -i -k \
	    -d '{"id":1,"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"echo","params":["Hello world"]}' \
	    https://127.0.0.1:8888/v1
```
The result should echo back the string at `params`: Hello world.

Alternatively, if you have bats installed:
```
	$ bats test/integ/jsonrpc.bats
```
Will run a small test suite.


The yajl repo is available @ https://github.com/lloyd/yajl


JSONRPC Request Lifetime
------------------------

Currently, one HTTP request will (in most cases) provoke one and only one
response. Batch mode is not supported yet, neither is websocket.

As such `jsonrpc\_error` and `jsonrpc\_result` do clean the request after call.

If however you want to abort the processed request, like by returning
`KORE\_RESULT\_ERROR`, after it having been read, you need to clean it by
calling `jsonrpc\_destroy\_request`. Other than that you shouldn't think about
this function.


Message Handling Log
--------------------

The `jsonrpc\_request` keeps a log of messages with levels similar to those of
syslog. Messages are added with jsonrpc_log().

By default messages of the log are added to the data member of the error
responses if at levels EMERG, ERROR, WARNING and NOTICE.

If you dont want log messages to be outputted zero the log_levels flag of the
jsonrpc_request.


Formatting responses
--------------------

By default responses are not prettyfied. To do that set the appropriate flag in
the jsonrpc_request structure.
